hi everyone my name is severus now i
I want to tell you about one very
interesting program called
adventure bay and mouse recorder so
run the program and what we see here
here you have when installing after
installation program includes several
of files
we do not touch them and press rekord e
macro
click call whatever we like
test 2
we press enter after which the recording begins
recording of our movements can click
Anything can open the program folder
close the folder well, I think that's enough
stop happening characteristic
sound and we see what appears here
he is a new file click play and this
green arrow and here we can see
adjust the number of repetitions
This and in pairs of the program if you put
tick here
then it will just not repeat
infinitely
there is also a scale to regulate
playback speed
fast is the fastest word the most
slow we leave zero and tick and
I think here we will not put that
repeated 1 just see once
repeats after us i'm absolutely not a mouse
hold
here she closed our daddy and all here
something like this
Thank you all if you liked my video
put a thumbs up subscribe to
channel
if you have any questions
refer to the program I will give
thank you in the description